Add API-only user verification in story template (#44160)
fleetdm/fleet: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/story.md

#### API
- [ ] Test all API endpoints added or modified in the **API changes** section of this issue

> - [ ] Verify any new API endpoints appear correctly in the list when adding an API-only user

Author: ```suggestion
- [ ] Verify any new API endpoints appear in the list when adding an API-only user. The API endpoints display name, method, and path is the same as listed in the API reference docs
```
